So firstly, congratulations for completing this, for building your app, deploying it. You are officially. In the 1% of the 1% of the 1% of the 1%, like practically no one on the planet can do what you've just done. So congratulations for that. But this video here is about great. What's next? Well, first of all, you've course it.

The next thing that I would like you to do if you're not as familiar with NH 10 is completely any 10 advance modules down below that we recorded previously, because understanding this stuff. Basic level of this. I remember we do the 20% that gives you 80% results as additional any 10 modules in other parts of the classroom later.

But this will give you a really good overview and understanding. Think of it like. You are understanding the chess board, right? You wanna understand what pieces are on the table, what they can do, and when you know that you can code way better. Now, the next thing to bear in mind is that we've got a lot of exclusive content in this community.

So what I'd like you to do going forward is to think of one problem that you want to automate. And maybe if you don't have a business here or you're trying to solve for businesses, start having fun with it and build like one thing at a time, but try to solve only one problem at a time. With a particular piece of technology.

Follow that all the way through and you'll learn lots of stuff. So there's a big value in learning and building up your skillset. And then when you've got your business, what we wanna do is pick a problem and then build the system to solve that problem. And try and pick your largest problem. Remember, one of the fastest routes to making more money with you think is to.

Find the thing that's already making money and do more of it or do that thing better. Honestly, like 90% of the projects that my agency works on and clients I've had, they literally, that's where they make most of their money, is just finding stuff that's already well and make it better. So, have a lot of fun with it.

We've got a lot of stuff coming out in many different modules in the classroom. You'll find those in the every AI automation section, and when you've completed chapter three, so any 10 advanced, then complete chapter three, and once you've done that. You're gonna pick your pathway. And that could be if you're somebody who's not made money with AI yet and you're in zero to $10,000 per month journey, okay?

Going to the make money section. But if you're a business owner, that would be your next port of call is to go down there and look at how we can now apply these incredible systems to accelerate your business. You've been amazing. We'll be way more cool stuff coming. Have a beautiful blessed day and I'll catch you inside the next one.
